Mention MTU kernel bug in frag page (#14030)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/concepts/networking/fragmentation.rst

- ``--bpf-fragments-map-max``: Control the maximum number of active concurrent
  connections using IP fragmentation. For the defaults, see `bpf_map_limitations`.

.. note::

>     When running Cilium with kube-proxy, even nodePort traffic is handled by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When running Cilium with kube-proxy, even NodePort traffic is handled by
```

    kube-proxy, IPv4 fragmented packets can still break due to a kernel bug where

>     route MTU is not respected for forwarded packets. It has been (`fixed <http://patchwork.ozlabs.org/project/netdev/patch/20200923201815.388347-1-zenczykowski@gmail.com/>`_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    route MTU is not respected for forwarded packets. It has been `fixed <https://patchwork.ozlabs.org/project/netdev/patch/20200923201815.388347-1-zenczykowski@gmail.com/>`_
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could link to [the upstream commit](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git/commit/?id=02a1b175b0e92d9e0fa5df3957ade8d733ceb6a0) instead?

Author: done. switched to the upstream commit link.

>     and is available now in newest patch releases of all maintained kernel versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and has been backported to all maintained kernel versions.
```
Not sure if this is future-proof, maybe “to Linux 4.9 and later maintained versions” (or even 4.14)? (I think the oldest maintained is 4.4? But Cilium requires 4.9, and fragment tracking support requires at least 4.10 anyway)

Reviewer 2: I think we should link to [the upstream commit](https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git/commit/?id=02a1b175b0e92d9e0fa5df3957ade8d733ceb6a0) (see above comment) and then folks can figure out if their kernel has it. Trying to list which kernels have it is going to be fragile.

Author: done

- ``--bpf-fragments-map-max``: Control the maximum number of active concurrent
  connections using IP fragmentation. For the defaults, see `bpf_map_limitations`.

.. note::

    When running Cilium with kube-proxy, fragmented NodePort traffic may break due
    to a kernel bug where route MTU is not respected for forwarded packets. Cilium
    fragments tracking requires the first logical fragment to arrive first. Due to the
    kernel bug, additional fragmentation on the outer encapsulation layer may happen
    that causes packet reordering and results in a failure in tracking the fragments.

>     The kernel bug has been `fixed <https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git/commit/?id=02a1b175b0e92d9e0fa5df3957ade8d733ceb6a0>`_
>     and backported to all maintained kernel versions.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps,
```suggestion
    The kernel bug has been `fixed <https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git/commit/?id=02a1b175b0e92d9e0fa5df3957ade8d733ceb6a0>`_
    and backported to all maintained kernel versions. If you observe connectivity problems,
    ensure that the kernel package on your nodes has been upgraded recently before
    reporting an issue.
```

Author: Done
